Add SharkPCB rev Alpha support (#7090)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/acheron/shark/README.md

﻿# Acheron Aχξρων 40-SM-O-MX-TH-WI (Codename "SharkPCB") QMK firmware

<p align="center">
  <img align="middle" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Gondolindrim/acheronLibrary/master/graphics/acheronLong.png"  width="400"> 
</p>

This is the QMK firmware repository for the Shark, updated until [revision Alpha](https://github.com/Gondolindrim/SharkPCB/releases/tag/Alpha).

The SharkPCB is an Open-Hardware guidelines compliant PCB which files can be found at [this link](https://github.com/Gondolindrim/SharkPCB). Its designer and maintainer is [Gondolindrim](https://github.com/Gondolindrim).

> See the [AcheronDocs](https://gondolindrim.github.io/AcheronDocs/shark/intro.html) page for the SharkPCB full documentaion.

Reviewer: Small spelling mistake, and it would be nice to see some of the default template here.
```suggestion
See the [AcheronDocs](https://gondolindrim.github.io/AcheronDocs/shark/intro.html) page for the SharkPCB full documentation.

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make acheron/shark:default

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```

Author: Changes accepted and updated
